Meeting to be held at 4pm UTC (4pm UK, 12pm ET, 9am PT) on the 16th March 2017.
The meeting is scheduled to be 1 hour long, although it may end earlier.

Dial in details:
* Phone number:
  * 0800-368-0638 (UK)
  * 215-861-6239 (US, caller paid)
  * 888-426-6840 (US, toll free)
  * For other countries see: [AT&T Global Conference Access Numbers](https://www.teleconference.att.com/servlet/glbAccess?process=1&accessCode=16199578&accessNumber=08003680638&brand=att&lang=English)
* Participant code: 16199578

Online meeting details:
* Link: https://apps.na.collabserv.com/meetings/join?id=9528-6421
* Password: composer

Current agenda for this meeting:

* Introductions - who are the Fabric Composer team?
* What's new - what work has gone in recently, a "show and tell" of what we have achieved:
  * End-to-end demo showing the work on the Composer Playground.
  * Tools demo showing Protocol Buffer to Composer conversion, as well as Atom/VSCode plugin support.
  * LoopBack and REST API improvements.
  * Hyperledger Fabric v1.0 port status.
  * Website improvements.
* Retrospective - what has been going well, or not so well, and how can we improve?
* What's coming - what are we planning to do next, review designs for future work, etc:
  * Design roadmap, review latest designs and plans.

Meeting notes:

* Introductions from the Fabric Composer team and other attendees:
  * Fabric Composer: Simon S, Mark C, Dave K, Daniel S, Ed M, Caroline C
  * Guests: Murdo A, Sumerian, Mike Z, Andrea T, Vipin B, Allan, Georg S, Mihai G, Ivan S, James W, Jeff G, Takuya A, Allan T, Jon D
* Ed led a review of latest lo-fi designs for connection profile support here:
  * Can view online here: https://xd.adobe.com/view/84d4145a-2828-4e96-b1e0-17345c44ba02
  * What are connection profiles
  * How we are enabling participants to invite other participants to their business networks
  * Connection profiles are participant-neutral (no identities in the connection profile) and can be shared around.
* Caroline demonstrated the latest playground features.
* Dave discussed the progress with supporting Hyperledger Fabric v1.0:
  * Good progress; code up and running with latest updates!
* Simon demonstrated editor plugins for Atom and VSCode.